# All contributors meeting

Previous notes: https://github.com/all-contributors/archive/blob/main/meetingNotes/2025-09-08.md

## APs from last time

==AP==: [DONE] DG to copy notes into here after meeting 
==AP==: [DONE] Lucas to ping the bot and see if it works!
    - https://github.com/data-apis/array-api-extra/issues/22#issuecomment-3266429474
    - Seems like yes: https://github.com/data-apis/array-api-extra/issues/22#issuecomment-3266430206
==AP==: [DONE] DG to follow up on scheduling.
    - https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors.github.io/discussions/874#discussioncomment-14340824

## Check in:

Who are you (name/pronouns) and how are you doing today?

- Danny (they/them), bit tired, but excited to meet people!
- Leah (she/her)
- Maximillian

## What do we want to focus on today?

### Danny 

- How did the website get back online?
    - there are 2 websites
        - docusaurus (sp?)
            - don't want to keep this up
                - Netlify is owned by Jake, doesn't seem able to transfer
                    -  Leah started getting a free netlify plan - need a "powered by Netlify" badge on website
        -  Website uses astro/starlight theme :) new one, with updated dependencies

* Jim and Danny have been working on moving their book away from netlify -- for translations - netlify is super useful for redirecting languages
* So the server side redirects is powerful using netlify
    * 
* Crowdin: (maybe we talk about this next time--)
    * crowdin is owned by jake now too
    * 
- Is there value in making this a regular meeting (at least for a next few weeks)?

### Max's Prioritieis 

* Security -- CLI issues (PRIORITY)
    * debug and other popular packages - have been hacked... so we need to look at deps -- there were some vulnerabilities in crypto -- so essentially we need to do a bot and CLI scan to check deps 
* Max & Greg - Maintenance - Rearchitect the project
    * The goal of this would be to simplify maintanence
    * : there is a discussion about this in the team section? it sounds like there is some redundancy across repos that we could simplify
    * TODO (followup to get these diagrams) Max has some diagrams for this
    * right now we have the bot, cli and the website/docs --   
    * https://github.com/all-contributors/architecture
    * there is a discussion around architecture - that we can go back...  
* FEATURE: (Nice to have) Interested in getting a ML classifier system to work in the CLI. create something that fetches ...a users 
    * AC Learn: this is the repo that hostes the ML model - this could be used in the CLI and the bot to automate
    * https://github.com/all-contributors/ac-learn
    * This is a separate project - but it's been trained on data for contributors stuff -- the bot itself uses some of the CLI under the hood for adding contributors. The bot is an app that sits on top of the CLI. Most users likely use the bot. 
    * There are some issues around this -- people are interested in this feature -- it would go through the history of a repo and adds everyone who has contributed. 
    * FEATURE (Related to the above)---CLI and/or bot: contribution via commit history to try to automatically add those contributions to the project.


## APs
==AP==: DG to copy notes onto github after meeting 
==AP==: DG to make a new google calendar and share around

